TOPIC
	About_Boxstarter_Bootstrapper

SYNOPSIS
	Describes how to use Boxstarter to wrap powershell scripts.

DESCRIPTION
	The Boxstarter.Bootstrapper module provides an execution 
	environment for running scripts that may require one or more 
	reboots throughout its exeution process. This can be any 
	powershell script and is ideally suited for scripts that involve 
	the installation of software and system configuration.

ENABLING REBOOTS
	By default, Boxstarter will not reboot a machine even when 
	Invoke-Reboot is called. In order to enable reboots, either the 
	-RebootOk switch parameter bust be set on Invoke-Boxstarter or 
	the RebootOk $Boxstarter property should be true.

	If Reoots are enabled, calling INVOKE-REBOOT will prepare the 
	Boxstarter environment for reboot and force a restart of the 
	local machine. DO NOT CALL RESTART-COMPUTER. This will not allow 
	Boxstarter to propperly prepare for reboot and will disable 
	automatic logon and not allow the Boxstarter script to continue 
	upon reboot.

DETERMINING IF A REBOOT IS NEEDED
	While a boxstarter script may have its own rules determining when 
	a reboot is needed, Boxstarter provides a Test-PendingReboot 
	functions which checks several machine settings to determine if a 
	reboot is needed. Credit for this script goes to Brian Wilhite's 
	original contribution at 
	http://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/Get-PendingReboot-Query-bdb79542.

	Test-PendingReboot Checks several known registry keys, the windows 
	update service, component based servicing, and configuration manager. 
	If there is any indication that a reboot is pending, Test-PendingReboot 
	returns $True. Boxstarter scripts may then want to call Invoke-Reboot. 
	Many Software Installers will fail if there is a reboot pending.

AUTOMATIC LOGON
	If reboots are enabled, Boxstarter will prompt the user for a password 
	when initially calling Invoke-Boxstarter. The password is given to 
	boxstarter as a SecureString. Boxstarter uses the domain and username 
	of the current user. Boxstarter will attempt to authenticate the 
	password up to three times. If the password cannot be authenticated, 
	Boxstarter will continue to run the script but the user will need to 
	manually sign on at logon. If the user succesfully authenticates, 
	Boxstarter stores the pasword in an encrypted area intended for auto 
	logon passwords.

	When the boxstarter script completes, all logon information is removed 
	from the registry and subsequent logons will prompt for credentials.

WRITING BOXSTARTER SCRIPTS FOR REBOOTS
	When Boxstarter reboots, it simply reruns the script as it was 
	provided. Currently Boxstarter has no checkpointing mechanism to 
	start your script from a specific location. Of coarse, the script 
	author can include such logic. Therefore, it is best to write 
	scripts that can be run in a repeatable manner. For example, the 
	script may want to do its own checks to determine if long running 
	routines like a lengthy software install needs to be run. Is the 
	software already installed? Boxstarter scripts should anticipate 
	that any portion of the script may have been previously executed.

RUNNING AS ADMIN
	Boxstarter ensures that scripts run as administrator. If you call 
	Invoke-Boxstarter from a non elevated shell, Boxstarter will 
	launch an elevated shell and run the remainder of the session 
	from tha tshell. If Boxstarter is asked to reboot via Invoke-Reboot 
	and UAC is enabled on the machine, it will disable UAC and then 
	reenable it after the machine is rebooted and the script restarts. 
	This is necessary for an unattended execution experience, otherwise 
	Boxstarter would need to have you accept the UAC prompt after reboot 
	in order to continue the Boxstarter session.

UPDATE SERVICES
	In order to provide as little interruption as possible during a 
	Boxstarter script execution, Windos Update Service and, if installed, 
	the System Configuration Client are stopped. When Boxstarter 
	completes, these services are restarted. Boxstarter exposes 
	functionality to install Windows Updates (see below) and stopping 
	these services will not impact that functionality.

LOGGING
	Boxstarter provides several Logging functions. These include the 
	ability to log both to the screen and the Boxstarter Log as well as 
	the ability to log to both simultaneously. Boxstarter also enables 
	you t ocapture the standard output and error streams of standard 
	command line executables and utilities and not just the powershell 
	pipeline. See About_Boxstarter_Logging for more details.

WINDOWS CONFIGURATION UTILITIES
	Boxstarter exposes several functions aimed at customizing several 
	Windows settings. All of these are located in the 
	Boxstarter.WinConfig module. These include customizing Windows 
	Explorer, the Windows Task Bar, enabling Remote desktop and much 
	more. See Get-Command -Module Boxstarter.WinConfig for the 
	functions available.

SEE ALSO

	http://boxstarter.codeplex.com
	about_boxstarter_logging
	Invoke-Boxstarter
	Invoke-Reboot
	about_boxstarter_variable_in_bootstrapper